1 
Intuit Inc. 
First-quarter Fiscal 2022 
Conference Call Remarks 
November 18, 2021 
 
Introduction 
Good afternoon and welcome to Intuit’s first-quarter fiscal 2022 conference 
call. I’m here with Intuit's CEO Sasan Goodarzi and Michelle Clatterbuck, 
our CFO. 
Before we start, I’d like to remind everyone that our remarks will include 
forward-looking statements. There are a number of factors that could cause 
Intuit’s results to differ materially from our expectations. You can learn 
more about these risks in the press release we issued earlier this 
afternoon, our Form 10-K for fiscal 2021 and our other SEC filings. All of 
those documents are available on the Investor Relations page of Intuit’s 
website at intuit.com. We assume no obligation to update any forward-
looking statement. 

2 
Some of the numbers in these remarks are presented on a non-GAAP 
basis. We’ve reconciled the comparable GAAP and non-GAAP numbers in 
today’s press release. 
Unless otherwise noted, all growth rates refer to the current period versus 
the comparable prior-year period, and the business metrics and associated 
growth rates refer to worldwide business metrics. 
A copy of our prepared remarks and supplemental financial information will 
be available on our website after this call ends. 
With that, I’ll turn the call over to Sasan. 
First-quarter Fiscal 2022 Overview 
Thanks Kim, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. 
We are off to a strong start in fiscal year 2022 with continued momentum 
across the company given our strategy of becoming a global AI-driven 
expert platform powering the prosperity of consumers and small 
businesses. We have a nearly $300 billion addressable market driven by 

3 
digital tailwinds that include a shift to virtual solutions, acceleration to online 
and omnichannel capabilities, and digital money offerings.  
First quarter revenue grew 52 percent, including 32 points from the addition 
of Credit Karma. Total revenue growth was fueled by Small Business and 
Self-Employed Group revenue growth of 22 percent, and Credit Karma 
revenue of $418 million, another record quarter. Consumer Group and 
ProConnect Group revenue was in-line with our expectations in a 
seasonally smaller quarter. As a result of both our strong start to the year 
and the close of the Mailchimp transaction, we are raising our revenue and 
non-GAAP operating income and earnings per share guidance for fiscal 
year 2022.  Michelle will cover this in detail later.  
Our AI-driven expert platform strategy is accelerating innovation and our 
five Big Bets are solving the largest problems our customers face. We 
continue to deliver strong proof points that demonstrate this success, and 
are well-positioned for durable growth in the future. As a reminder, these 
Big Bets are: 

4 
● Revolutionize speed to benefit 
● Connect people to experts 
● Unlock smart money decisions 
● Be the center of small business growth, and 
● Disrupt the small business mid-market  
Today, I’d like to highlight examples of our recent progress across three of 
these Big Bets. 
Our third big bet is to “unlock smart money decisions.” I’m extremely proud 
of the momentum we’re seeing with Credit Karma. Credit Karma is a data 
platform with powerful network effects solving a two-sided problem. We are 
focused on our goal of creating a personal financial assistant that helps 
consumers find the right financial products, put more money in their 
pockets and access financial expertise and insights.  
Credit Karma achieved record high revenue again in Q1. We continue to 
deliver innovation across all verticals fueled by our proprietary Lightbox 
platform enabling personalized experiences for our members, creating a 
network effect.  

5 
● Within the core, partners’ usage of Lightbox reached all-time highs 
across both credit cards and personal loans. Lightbox more than 
doubles the average approval rate for members who apply for credit 
cards on Credit Karma versus outside of Credit Karma.  
● Within the growth verticals, we are solving a larger set of financial 
challenges for consumers. Karma Drive is giving U.S. members the 
opportunity to see if they can save money on auto insurance with 
usage based pricing. We are actively exploring expansion 
opportunities with Lightbox in other verticals including auto loans, 
building off the successes we’ve seen in credit cards and personal 
loans. 
● Within the emerging verticals, we remain focused on innovation with 
Credit Karma Money. We integrated Credit Karma Money into 
TurboTax last season and experimented with how we could best 
meet our customers’ needs, and announced an integration with 
QuickBooks Online Payroll. Given our learnings, we are excited about 
launching our improved experiences in the upcoming tax season. We 

6 
believe Credit Karma Money is key to driving growth in frequency of 
visits over time, one of the many key drivers of average revenue per 
monthly active user. 
Zooming out, we continue to grow members, and are focused on building 
trust by delivering personalized financial products right for members, 
helping members save money, pay down debt and get faster access to 
their money while providing insights and advice. Over time, we are creating  
a virtuous cycle, which we expect to increase the frequency of 
engagement, transactions, and monetization across our ecosystem. 
Our fourth big bet is to “become the center of small business growth” by 
helping our customers get customers, get paid fast, manage capital, pay 
employees with confidence and grow in an omnichannel world. Sixty 
percent of small businesses struggle with cash flow, and we are continuing 
to innovate to create solutions for customers to overcome this challenge.  
● In fiscal 2021, total payments volume on our platform grew 40 
percent year-over-year to over $90 billion. And online payments 

7 
volume grew more than 60 percent, driven by an increase in 
customers using our payments offering.  
● As we continue to innovate for our customers in payments, those 
using QuickBooks Cash have nearly three times higher engagement 
compared to customers who just use QuickBooks Online. To 
accelerate engagement and usage of our platform, we recently 
introduced Get Paid Upfront, a game changing innovation that will 
help qualified customers get paid soon after the invoice is sent.  
Our fifth big bet is to “disrupt the small business mid-market'' with 
QuickBooks Online Advanced. We are seeing strong traction with QBO 
Advanced, with customers growing to 118,000 in fiscal 2021, up 57 percent 
year-over-year. As we continue to move up market and serve these 
customers’ most critical needs, we’re seeing a services ecosystem ARPC 
that is four times higher than ARPC for QBO customers.  
We are pleased with our results and remain confident in our game plan to 
win. Across all of our big bets, we are building momentum and accelerating 

8 
innovation which we believe positions us well for durable growth into the 
future. This will be further fueled by Mailchimp. 
I am delighted that we closed the acquisition earlier this month which seeks 
to significantly accelerate two of our big bets, to “be the center of small 
business growth,” and to “disrupt the small business mid-market.” Getting 
and engaging customers remains a significant pain point for small and mid-
market businesses. We are well on our way to becoming the source of truth 
for our customers to help them grow and run their business. 
We have three acceleration priorities with Mailchimp:  
● First priority is to deliver on our vision of an end-to-end customer 
growth platform to help customers get their business online, market 
their business, manage their customer relationships, get paid, access 
capital, pay employees, manage cash flow and be compliant, with 
virtual experts at their fingertips all in one place; 
● Second, disrupting the mid-market, by developing a full marketing 
automation, CRM and eCommerce suite for mid-market customers at 

9 
an attractive price point, enabling mid-market customers to use the 
power of the platform to grow their business; and 
● Third, accelerating global growth with a holistic go-to-market 
approach. 
With Mailchimp now part of the Intuit family, we are uniquely positioned to 
enable small and mid-market businesses to combine their customer data 
from Mailchimp and purchase data from QuickBooks to deliver actionable 
insights they need to grow and run their businesses with confidence. This is 
where the real magic happens. Our combined platform technology enables 
us to move with speed and we’ve already seen strong interest from our 
customers. The teams are hard at work and we’re excited about the 
opportunity ahead. 
Foundational to our company's success is building a high performance 
culture. I want to take a moment to acknowledge our progress with our 
diversity, equity and inclusion efforts. Last year, we declared our focus on 
increasing the percentages of women in technology roles and 
underrepresented minorities across our business. We achieved 30 percent 

10 
and 13 percent, respectively, and we are inspired to accelerate our plans 
and push even harder as much work remains to be done. 
Additionally, we’ve made meaningful progress supporting our communities. 
First, we recently announced the Intuit Climate Action Marketplace which 
will help 1 million US small businesses find sustainable solutions to reduce 
carbon emissions. This is part of our decade-long climate positive goal to 
go beyond being net carbon neutral and reduce global carbon emissions by 
2 million metric tonnes by 2030 or 50 times greater than our 2018 
operational footprint.  
We also recently announced a 23-year partnership with the Los Angeles 
Clippers that includes economic benefits for the local community with Intuit 
Dome, the team’s future home. And finally, we launched Intuit Ventures to 
invest in the startup community and accelerate fintech innovation for 
consumers and small businesses.  

11 
All the work we do starts with our mission of powering prosperity around 
the world, and I’m proud of the momentum across the company in 
delivering on that mission for our customers and communities. 
Now let me hand it over to Michelle. 
Financial Results and Segment Details 
Thanks, Sasan. Good afternoon everyone and I’d also like to welcome the 
Mailchimp team to Intuit. Now let me turn to the results. 
For the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we delivered: 
● Revenue of $2.0 billion. 
● GAAP operating income of $195 million, versus $209 million last 
year.  
● Non-GAAP operating income of $555 million, versus $334 million last 
year. 
● GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.82, versus $0.75 a year ago.  
● And non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.53, versus $0.94 last 
year. 

12 
Note that our GAAP results include a $39 million net gain on other long-
term investments. 
Business Segment Results 
Turning to the business segments: 
Small Business and Self-Employed Group 
In the Small Business and Self-Employed Group, revenue grew 22 percent 
during the quarter, with Online Ecosystem revenue up 36 percent. With the 
aim of being the source of truth for small businesses, our strategic focus 
within Small Business and Self-Employed is three-fold: grow the core, 
connect the ecosystem and expand globally. 
● First, we continue to focus on growing the core. QuickBooks online 
accounting revenue grew 32 percent in fiscal Q1, driven mainly by 
customer growth, higher effective prices, and mix-shift.  
● Second, we continue to focus on connecting the ecosystem. Online 
Services revenue - which includes payroll, payments, capital and time 
tracking - grew 42 percent in fiscal Q1.  

13 
○ Within payroll, we continued to see revenue tailwinds during the 
quarter from growth in payroll customers and a mix-shift to our 
full service offering. 
○ Within payments, revenue growth reflects ongoing customer 
growth, along with an increase in charge volume per customer.  
● Third, our progress expanding globally added to the growth of Online 
Ecosystem revenue during fiscal Q1. Total international online 
revenue grew 39 percent on a constant currency basis. 
We believe the best measure of the health and success of our strategy is 
Online Ecosystem revenue growth, which we expect to grow better than 30 
percent organically over time. This is driven by 10 to 20 percent expected 
growth in both customers and ARPC. 
Desktop Ecosystem revenue grew 7 percent in the first quarter. 
QuickBooks Desktop Enterprise revenue grew high-single digits, driven by 
strong customer growth and price increases we put in place late last year. 
As a reminder, this fall we transitioned to a subscription model for this 
year’s desktop offering, which we expect to be a headwind to revenue 

14 
growth in the second half of the year. We expect the desktop business to 
decline longer term.  
Credit Karma 
Moving on to Credit Karma, revenue was $418 million in Q1, another 
record revenue quarter, driven by high levels of monthly active users and 
revenue per monthly active user. 
Within the core, we saw another record quarter driven by the combined 
strength in personal loans and credit cards. The growth verticals also 
achieved another strong quarter, reflecting momentum in home loans and 
auto loans. And we are developing the emerging vertical by focusing on 
innovation with Credit Karma Money, part of our digital money offering, 
though this is not a large revenue driver today. 
We continue to expect pent up demand across the core verticals to taper 
sometime in the second half of fiscal 2022 after a strong year of investment 
by our partners. We remain excited about the opportunities ahead.  
Consumer and ProConnect Groups 

15 
Consumer Group revenue of $120 million in Q1 was in-line with our 
expectations. Looking ahead to the upcoming tax season, we continue to 
focus on our strategy to expand our lead in DIY and transform the assisted 
segment with TurboTax Live. 
As for the ProConnect Group, revenue of $26 million in the quarter was 
also in-line with our expectations. 
Financial Principles and Capital Allocation 
Turning to our financial principles. We remain committed to growing organic 
revenue double-digits and growing operating income dollars faster than 
revenue. As I’ve shared before, as we lean into our platform strategy, we 
see the opportunity for margin expansion over time. We take a disciplined 
approach to capital management, investing the cash we generate in 
opportunities that yield an expected return on investment greater than 15 
percent. We continue to reallocate resources to top priorities, with an 
emphasis on becoming an AI-driven expert platform. These principles 
guide our decisions and remain our long-term commitment.  

16 
Our first priority for the cash we generate is investing in the business to 
drive customer and revenue growth. We consider acquisitions to accelerate 
our growth and fill out our product roadmap. We return excess cash that we 
can’t invest profitably in the business to shareholders via both share 
repurchases and dividends. 
● We finished the quarter with approximately $3.3 billion in cash and 
investments on our balance sheet. On November 1, we entered into  
a $4.7B term loan under a new credit agreement to partially fund the 
Mailchimp acquisition. 
● We repurchased $339 million of stock during the first quarter. 
Depending on market conditions and other factors, our aim is to be in 
the market each quarter. 
● The Board approved a quarterly dividend of $0.68 per share, payable 
January 18, 2022. This represents a 15 percent increase versus last 
year. 
Fiscal 2022 and Q2 Guidance 

17 
Moving on to guidance. We are raising our full year fiscal 2022 revenue 
and non-GAAP operating income and earnings per share guidance to 
reflect both the acquisition of Mailchimp and the stronger than expected 
start to the year in the Small Business and Self-Employed Group and 
Credit Karma. Our updated fiscal 2022 guidance includes: 
● Revenue of $12.165 billion to $12.300 billion, growth of 26 to 28 
percent, including Mailchimp as of November 1 and a full year of 
Credit Karma;  
● Excluding Mailchimp, revenue growth of 18 to 20 percent, up from our 
prior guidance of 15 to 16 percent;  
● GAAP earnings per share of $7.00 to $7.16, and 
● Non-GAAP earnings per share of $11.48 to $11.64. 
This updated fiscal 2022 guidance includes organic growth for the Small 
Business and Self-Employed Segment of 16 to 17 percent, up from 12 to 
14 percent; expected Mailchimp revenue of $760 million to $770 million, 
and Credit Karma revenue of $1.540 billion to $1.565 billion, up from 
$1.345 billion to $1.380 billion. 

18 
As I’ve shared before, we continue to see opportunities to leverage the 
platform and drive margin expansion over time. Excluding Mailchimp, our 
non-GAAP operating income guidance continues to imply approximately 60 
basis points of margin expansion in fiscal 2022. Our guidance assumes the 
Mailchimp transaction is accretive to Intuit’s non-GAAP earnings per share 
in full year fiscal 2022. However, we expect an approximately 80 basis 
point one-time step down in non-GAAP operating margin reflecting the 
impact of Mailchimp as we plan to invest aggressively in the business. We 
expect non-GAAP operating margin expansion to continue from this new 
level over time, in-line with our financial principles.  
Our fiscal 2022 GAAP operating income guidance includes approximately 
$165 million for stock based compensation associated with the acquisition 
of Mailchimp. In addition, our GAAP operating income guidance includes 
the impact of the Credit Karma acquisition, along with investments we are 
making in stock compensation to attract and retain talent. We are confident 
these are the right decisions to drive long-term growth.  
We expect a GAAP tax rate of 18 percent in fiscal 2022. 

19 
Our guidance for the second quarter of fiscal 2022 includes: 
● Revenue growth of 73 to 74 percent. 
● GAAP earnings per share of $0.55 to $0.59, and 
● Non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.84 to $1.88. 
You can find our full Q2 and updated fiscal 2022 guidance details in our 
press release and on our fact sheet. 
With that, I’ll turn it back over to Sasan.  
Closing Comments (Sasan) 
Thanks, Michelle. 
We are off to a strong start this year with continued momentum across the 
company given our strategy of being an AI-driven expert platform that is 
powering prosperity for consumers and small businesses. I am proud of 
what our employees accomplished this quarter and I am excited about the 
opportunities ahead to find new, innovative ways to serve our more than 
100 million customers. Let's now open it up to your questions. 

20 
Closing Comments After Q&A 
Thank you everyone for your time and questions today. I would like to close 
by thanking our employees, customers and partners for a strong start to the 
year. We come to work every day passionate about helping customers and 
communities overcome their most important financial challenges. We are 
proud of what we’ve accomplished, and the speed we were able to deliver 
new innovations to help our customers. 
Cautions About Forward-looking Statements 
These materials contain forward-looking statements, including expectations 
regarding: forecasts and timing of growth and future financial results of 
Intuit and its reporting segments; Intuit’s prospects for the business in fiscal 
2022 and beyond; Intuit’s growth outside the US; timing and growth of 
revenue from current or future products and services; demand for our 
products; customer growth and ARPC; Intuit's corporate tax rate; changes 
to our products and their impact on Intuit’s business; the amount and timing 
of any future dividends or share repurchases; availability of our offerings; 

21 
and acquisitions and their impact on our business and strategic decisions; 
as well as all of the statements under the heading “Fiscal 2022 and Q2 
Guidance.” 
Because these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, 
there are important factors that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from the expectations expressed in the forward-looking 
statements. These risks and uncertainties may be amplified by the COVID-
19 pandemic, which has caused significant global economic instability and 
uncertainty. These factors include, without limitation, the following: our 
ability to compete successfully; potential governmental encroachment in 
our tax businesses; our ability to adapt to technological change; our ability 
to predict consumer behavior; our reliance on third-party intellectual 
property; our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; any harm to 
our reputation; risks associated with acquisition and divestiture activity, 
including the acquisition and integration of Credit Karma and Mailchimp; 
the issuance of equity or incurrence of debt to fund an acquisition; our 
cybersecurity incidents (including those affecting the third parties we rely 

22 
on); customer concerns about privacy and cybersecurity incidents; 
fraudulent activities by third parties using our offerings; our failure to 
process transactions effectively; interruption or failure of our information 
technology; our ability to maintain critical third-party business relationships; 
our ability to attract and retain talent; any deficiency in the quality or 
accuracy of our products (including the advice given by experts on our 
platform); any delays in product launches; difficulties in processing or filing 
customer tax submissions; risks tax rate associated with international 
operations; changes to public policy, laws or regulations affecting our 
businesses; litigation in which we are involved; the seasonal nature of our 
tax business; changes in tax rates and tax reform legislation; global 
economic changes; exposure to credit, counterparty and other risks in 
providing capital to businesses; amortization of acquired intangible assets 
and impairment charges; our ability to repay or otherwise comply with the 
terms of our outstanding debt; our ability to repurchase shares or distribute 
dividends; volatility of our stock price; and our ability to successfully market 
our offerings. More details about these and other risks that may impact our 

23 
business are included in our Form 10-K for fiscal 2021 and in our other 
SEC filings. You can locate these reports through our website at 
http://investors.intuit.com. Fiscal 2022 full-year and Q2 guidance speaks 
only as of the date it was publicly issued by Intuit. Other forward-looking 
statements represent the judgment of the management of Intuit as of the 
date of this presentation.  We do not undertake any duty to update any 
forward-looking statement or other information in this presentation. 